I have described some of the elements that the **backend** of cardstack is aware of above, but there are various parts of the frontend Ember app that make use of specifically named DI elements/components to automatically wire up the user experience. One of the best examples of this would be if you were to create a new field-type and notice the error that you see in the editor toolbox when you try to edit a field with that new data type. I will demonstrate now with the help of some examples.

Firstly I am going to create a new field type called `ssh-key` which is essentially the same as a @cardstack/core-types::string so the implementation of the field type is not important for this example. I am creating the field type directly in our Ember App **test-harness** because it is a cardstack plugin (see description of package.json above), so the file name is `deck/test-harness/cardstack/field-types/ssh-key.js`. The contents of this file are exactly the same as the @cardstack/core-types::string implementation.

To make use of my new ssh-key field type I need to just define a field with the type: `test-harness::ssh-key` which is constructed of: `<the name in the package.json for test-harness>::<file name of ssk-key>`. If you add this field type to a card type (article for example) it won't show up in the editor until it is used in the `isolated.hbs` file. This is because the field editor toolbox uses the template to identify the parts of the content that are editable (see CS-Field below). Also it is worth noting that there is nothing inherently special about the isolated view of the card when it comes to editing, the only reason why you need to include the field in the isolated templates right now is because we don't have a method to edit embedded cards yet in cardstack.

When you try to edit the ssh key in the cardstack editing toolbox you will see an error `No such field editor field-editors/ssh-key-editor`. To make a field editor that will be picked up by the system to edit the ssh key all you need to do is create a component `field-editors/ssh-key-editor` that is part of your app in any way i.e. it can be exposed from **any** of the Ember addons or exist in the test-harness directly. As long as there is any component that resolves to that name then it will be used. Also it is worth noting that there is nothing special about this field editor component, the only thing that is specific about its implementation are the parameters that are passed into it as part of the editor toolbox (i.e. its protocol) but I don't know enough about this to detail that API right now.
